Add CloudPrem v0.1.30 release note (#37845)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/byoc-logs/release_notes.md

## Releases

### v0.1.30 — 2026-06-30

*Bundled in chart: `0.4.3`.*

> #### Changed

Reviewer: + faster very selective queries, because we abort the ff download

But it's ony faster if the ff is not yet cached

Author: let's skip this then

> - Reduces search CPU time for date histogram queries by up to 20%, with the largest gains on seven-day windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduces search CPU time for date histogram by status queries by up to 40%, with the largest gains on seven-day windows.
```

by status is maybe too specific? it's all low cardinality term aggregations with a nested datehistogram
The benchmark included the fast field download, without it's closer to 40%

Author: let's talk about nested date histogram then
